Sometimes you will need to choose level from 'individual', 'group' and 'cluster'. The definition
of 'individual', 'group' and 'cluster' are as fellow:

'individual': sample; different observation under the same condition or treatment.
'group': We put all of individuals (sample) that subject to the same treatment or
collected under the same condition into a single csv file. The name of each group
are corresponding to the input file name.
'cluster': the group of group.

For example: you believe that some microbes might interfere with the effect
             of cancer immunotherapy X, and you believe a noval antibiotic Y
             can remove those targeted microbes. To test this hypothesis,
             you recurit paitents with cancer A and randomly divided into
             four arms:
             1. recieve immunotherapy X and antibiotic Y
             2. recieve immunotherapy X and but not antibiotic Y
             3. recieve antibiotic Y and but not immunotherapy X
             4. does not recieve immunotherapy X nor antibiotic Y

             Each paients in your clinical trial will be a 'individual', and
             each treatment arm will be a 'group'

             With careful analysis and the help from EMMER, you find paitents in
             arm 1 have better prognosis than that of the paitents in arm 2. Now,
             you want to test if the combination of immunotherapy X and antibiotic Y
             also works on cancer B and C. If so, does the better prognosis is some
             how correlates to the removal of targeted microbes.

             group:
             1. cancer A paitents recieve immunotherapy X and antibiotic Y
             2. cancer A paitents recieve immunotherapy X and but not antibiotic Y
             3. cancer B paitents recieve immunotherapy X and antibiotic Y
             4. cancer B paitents recieve immunotherapy X and but not antibiotic Y
             5. cancer C paitents recieve immunotherapy X and antibiotic Y
             6. cancer C paitents recieve immunotherapy X and but not antibiotic Y

             cluster:
             1. recieve antibiotic Y
             2. not recieve antibiotic Y